Milan testathon generate (#174)
ansible/metrics-utility: testathon/readme.md

> # testathon_data_prepare

Reviewer: Lets add some example commands to this doc to add clarity for how to use this tool.

> if you run this directly without any parameters, it will fill local environment db, provided that it runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run this directly without any parameters, it will pre-populate local environment db, provided that it runs
```
